# GT Graduate Portfolio

	This portfolio represents my holistic output as a sound artist and designer, composer, producer, programmer, and project manager. All five of my portfolio items focus on a different element of my current work; Each item contains an abstract that describes the project, and the relevant files for that particular project. 
  
“I’m Tired of the World Ending” is a short album exploring sound as an object; all tracks were written and produced entirely by myself. Each track expands upon my own personal theory of sound, addressing the relationship between a sound's original context and contexts it may be put in through digital manipulation. The album is long, so if you are unable to allot time to listen to it in its entirety, I recommend listening to just tracks 2 and 3, Obelisks and Diogenes the Robot Tunes his Cosmic Snare Drum. The album demonstrates my capability as a sound artist, avant-garde composer, and producer. 

“First Contact” is a work for violin and electronics composed entirely by myself. The work was written while attending Sound of Contagion’s Berlin workshop at the Universität der Künste Berlin. The piece itself utilizes an evolutionary algorithmic approach to procedurally generate the score, making the work unique every time it is performed. First Contact demonstrates my capability as a researcher-artist, combining my approach to machine learning and general music technology with my artistic output. 

"New Terra” is a video game demo made using the Unity game engine. Originally created for Adventure Jam 2022, I managed the team while personally being responsible for the systems programming, music, and sound design. The demo itself was featured at Southern Fried Gaming Expo, and it is now being expanded and developed into a full release; the game demonstrates my capability as a systems programmer, sound designer, and a project manager. 

“I Gave My Love a Riddle” is a solo piano piece written as a creative transcription of the American folk song, “The Riddle Song”; The piece was premiered by Julian Chan at the Royal Academy of Music, last November. The work itself explores my interests in folk music and the borrowing of things old in modern music. The work demonstrates my capability as a classical composer and my understanding of idiomatic writing for professional performers.

	“Project Bones” is a technical demo for an adventure video game created by Undefined Studios demonstrating the capabilities of the Rust programming language and the Bevy game engine. The demo was created by myself and a small team of artists and designers that I led. I was the sole programmer for the project; the technical demo demonstrates my capability as a programmer and project manager. 
  
	“Pink Waters” is the audio portion of a multi-media art installation created in collaboration with the Berlin based visual artist Isabella Chydenius. The full installation featured at Backhaus Projects in Berlin, November 2022. The audio was created entirely by myself, and it demonstrates my capability as a collaborator and sound artist.
